About ARC Impact Acquisition Corporation
ARC Impact Acquisition Corporation, the owner of the Desktop Metal brand and products, is
pioneering a new generation of additive manufacturing technologies focused on providing
unique solutions for customers. We offer a portfolio of integrated additive manufacturing
solutions for engineers, designers and manufacturers of hardware, software, materials and
services. At ARC, we believe additive manufacturing, commonly referred to as 3D printing, is
one of the most exciting and transformational technology innovations of our time.
We are looking for a Systems Engineer to help build, maintain, and troubleshoot our rapidly
expanding infrastructure and systems. Due to the nature of our business and right sizing our
environments we are looking for a self-starter, fast learner, who isn’t afraid to roll up their
sleeves and deliver the necessary results.
Systems Engineer responsibilities include:
● Managing and monitoring systems and infrastructure
● Installing, configuring, testing, maintaining operating systems, application software, and
system management tools
● Managing private cloud systems and infrastructure
● Configuring and supporting hybrid/multi-cloud systems and infrastructure
● Ensuring the highest levels of systems and infrastructure availability
Systems Engineer Job Description:
Job brief
We are looking for a Systems Engineer to help build out, maintain, and troubleshoot our rapidly
evolving IT environment. Due to the rapid nature of our business, we are looking for a
self-starter, and fast learner, who isn’t afraid to roll up their sleeves and deliver the necessary
results.
What does a Systems Engineer do?
You will be part of a talented and fast moving team, delivering mission-critical infrastructure and
systems, and ensuring the highest levels of availability, performance, and security. Qualified
Systems Engineers will have a background in IT, Computer Science, Engineering, or Systems
Engineering and analysis.

Responsibilities
● Install, configure, test, and maintain operating systems, application software, and system
management tools
● Manage and monitor systems and infrastructure across multiple sites.
● Proactively ensure the highest levels of systems and infrastructure availability
● Monitor and test applications and system performance for potential bottlenecks, identify
possible solutions, and work with the appropriate team(s) to implement those fixes
● Maintain security, backup, and redundancy strategies
● Write and maintain custom scripts to increase system efficiency to reduce or eliminate
the human intervention time on tasks
● Participate in the design of information and operational support systems
● Provide an escalation point to various team members
● Liaise with vendors and other IT personnel for problem resolution
Qualifications/ Requirements
● Must be able to work from our Burlington MA HQ on a hybrid office schedule
● BS/MS degree in Computer Science, Engineering or a related subject or equivalent work
experience.
● Proven working experience in installing, configuring, and troubleshooting heterogenous
based environments (Windows, Linux, macOS).
● Experience with virtualization and containerization (e.g., VMware, Hyper-V, Docker)
● Experience with AI as a workforce multiplier a plus
● Experience with automation software and Infrastructure as Code is a plus (e.g., Ansible,
Terraform, Puppet, cfengine, Chef)
● Solid scripting skills (e.g., PowerShell, Bash, Python, Ruby)
● Solid networking knowledge (OSI network layers, TCP/IP)
● Accustomed to working with change control management
● Elite problem solver
● Willingness to learn and mentor team members
An Equal Opportunity Employer
At Arc Impact Acquisition Corporation, innovation is at the core of our DNA. And we believe
ground-breaking discoveries are born from diverse teams with unique backgrounds and
experiences. We are an Equal Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive
consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation,
gender identity, national origin, disability, protected veteran status, or any other protected
characteristic under applicable law.
Salary Range:
$110,000, – $150,000, annually, depending on experience and qualifications.
This role is eligible for a comprehensive benefits package including: health, dental, vision,
401(k), and more.