840 Arbor Drive
Chaska, MN 55318
Phone 952-448-2801
Engineering Leader, Castings – Role Summary
CaneKast (www.canekast.com) is a portfolio of companies revolutionizing the foundry and adjacent
manufacturing space. Companies currently include Ermak Foundry and Machining (www.ermak.com),
Patriot Foundry & Castings (www.patriotfoundry.com), Superior Aluminum Castings
(www.supalum.com) and RDS Dock Hardware (www.rdsdockhardware.com) as well as the previous
Northwest Casting (www.ermak.com/northwest-casting). These companies provide non-ferrous
castings, machining, finishing, and assembly to a growing list of clients and industries, providing
significant career growth opportunities across our companies. The unique nature allows the group of
companies to provide small business customer service with the cutting-edge technology of a large
conglomerate. The group is actively acquiring additional businesses and growing organically, having
nearly quadrupled in sales the past four years.
We are on a mission every day to provide quality products, on-time, to customers looking for a local
supplier. We are a stable, established company with the mindset of a start-up, within an industry that
has been around for thousands of years. We pride ourselves in having a good, fast-paced working
environment where teamwork and the best ideas are incorporated into solving customer problems.
With over 60 years of experience, combined with the flexibility and growth of a new firm, the company
provides customers with a unique set of technologies and solutions that include sand castings,
permanent mold/gravity-fed die cast, CNC machining, 3D printing/additive manufacturing, and other
value-add services in addition to end user products.
The candidate will lead engineering for the company overall. In this role they will be responsible for all
technical projects, focused on technical processes, leading new product development in conjunction
with CaneKast’s customers and tooling vendors and solving quality issues through root cause analysis
and the implementation of corrective actions. They will balance internal and external resources to
achieve their goals. As the engineering leader for the company, the candidate will have opportunities
to grow inside of the company and take on additional responsibilities over time. He/she will be
expected to build a strong understanding of the different manufacturing processes, interdependencies
of the different operations, and over time contribute to future decisions on equipment upgrades, new
investments, etc.
The ideal candidate will have a deep technical understanding of casting technologies and be able to
own all technical processes, which includes maintaining existing processes and developing new ones
to ensure technical competence throughout CaneKast.
Engineering Leader, Castings – Role Responsibilities
• Develop, define and implement the methods, tools and systems to monitor, control and ensure
that every casting produced has properties that meet or exceed the expectations and
requirements of internal and external customers
• Monitors and improves casting quality, through improved processes and improved tooling
design
• Leads root cause analysis of all defects and implements corrective actions in conjunction with
other members of the leadership team
• Develops quality processes and strategy (i.e. sampling rate, hardness testing, pull bar testing,
equipment needs such as CMM, etc.) to be implemented by CaneKast’s production manager
• Leads CaneKast’s new product development process

840 Arbor Drive
Chaska, MN 55318
Phone 952-448-2801
Engineering Leader, Castings – Qualifications
• Bachelor’s Degree in Mechanical Engineering, Materials Engineering or equivalent
• 3-5 years of experience
• Deep knowledge of the relationship between chemistry and processing on microstructure and
mechanical properties
• Knowledge of DFMEA and PFMEA (Design and Process Failure Mode and Effect Analysis)
• Outstanding failure analysis, root causing and problem-solving skills
• Strong communication skills
• Excellent mechanical skills
• US citizen or documented resident
• Evaluates customer design and process specifications, recommends and negotiates changes
to enhance cost-effectiveness & producibility, and specifies tooling design to external tooling
vendors
• Review, direct, and approve pattern designs to ensure dimensional control is in accordance
with definition requirements and will be consistently met at the most efficient rate of
manufacture
• Ensures that new tooling is designed to industry standards (shrink rate, gating and risering,
etc) and meets the customers’ timelines
• Reports out weekly metrics for cost of quality, defect rates (internal and external) and project
milestones
• Works with other managers throughout CaneKast to generate continuous improvement ideas
and spearheads the implementation of those ideas to drive results for the company
• Leverages data to provide guidance for improvements
• Establishes part route cards and specifies manufacturing work instructions.
• Explore new technologies that can further improve product quality and performance as well as
reduce manufacturing and processing costs
