840 Arbor Drive
Chaska, MN 55318
Phone 952-448-2801
Melt Supervisor – Role Summary
CaneKast (www.canekast.com) is a portfolio of companies revolutionizing the foundry and adjacent
manufacturing space. Companies currently include Ermak Foundry and Machining (www.ermak.com),
Patriot Foundry & Castings (www.patriotfoundry.com), Superior Aluminum Castings
(www.supalum.com) and RDS Dock Hardware (www.rdsdockhardware.com) as well as the previous
Northwest Casting (www.ermak.com/northwest-casting). These companies provide non-ferrous
castings, machining, finishing, and assembly to a growing list of clients and industries, providing
significant career growth opportunities across our companies. The unique nature allows the group of
companies to provide small business customer service with the cutting-edge technology of a large
conglomerate. The group is actively acquiring additional businesses and growing organically, having
nearly quadrupled in sales the past four years.
We are on a mission every day to provide quality products, on-time, to customers looking for a local
supplier. We are a stable, established company with the mindset of a start-up, within an industry that
has been around for thousands of years. We pride ourselves in having a good, fast-paced working
environment where teamwork and the best ideas are incorporated into solving customer problems.
With over 60 years of experience, combined with the flexibility and growth of a new firm, the company
provides customers with a unique set of technologies and solutions that include sand castings,
permanent mold/gravity-fed die cast, CNC machining, 3D printing/additive manufacturing, and other
value-add services in addition to end user products.
We’re looking to expand our team as we scale operations across our multiple companies.
Responsibility for this new role will be focused on melt management and solving metallurgical issues to
support production execution. The person should be curious and self-driven, willing to roll up their
sleeves and take on whatever problem needs to be solved. One minute this may be root causing an
internal defect, the next ensuring melt procedures and processes are in place to support quality
production. In this role the candidate will be responsible for managing a melt deck team of 3-4
individuals.
The candidate will have responsibilities leading melt operations for the company. In this role they will
be responsible for all operational activities regarding metal melt, focused on executing of production
plans across the foundry. They will balance internal and external resources to deliver products on time
to customers while reducing lead times overall. This candidate will also be tasked with tracking and
reporting metrics on the company’s performance. He/she will be expected to build a strong
understanding of the different manufacturing processes, interdependencies of the different operations,
and over time contribute to future decisions on equipment upgrades, new investments, etc.
The ideal candidate will own all processes, which includes maintaining existing processes and
developing new ones. They will strategize with other internal teams to ensure operational excellence.
Melt Supervisor – Role Responsibilities
• Promote a safe workplace for yourself and your fellow employees
• Complete a Safety Inspection each month.
• Tracking of all open safety issues along with weekly updates to senior management.
• Monthly OSHA safety training with employees.
• Manage the daily repair of ladles and melt furnaces. Check operation and condition of
equipment.

840 Arbor Drive
Chaska, MN 55318
Phone 952-448-2801
Melt Supervisor – Qualifications
• 3+ years of experience in a foundry and/or manufacturing role
• Associates degree in Engineering/Engineering Technology or similar experience
• Ability to direct, organize, and respect direct reports and peer employees in a team-oriented
environment
• Self-motivated with strong drive to achieve business objectives
• Strong verbal, written & presentation communication skills
• Strong analytical skills and ability to interpret data to make decisions
• Reasonable computer skills including (MS Word, MS Excel, MS Outlook MS PowerPoint)
• Long career runway to grow within the company and take on additional responsibilities
• Provide sufficient melted aluminum, within specification for chemistry, to run greensand and
permanent mold foundry
• Schedule and oversee the furnace repairs.
• Ensure that Tier-3 Work Instructions are adequate and up to date.
• Ensures proper quality system controls are adhered to for any changes of processes,
materials, and suppliers.
• Maintain a proper raw material inventory.
• Direct management of the Melt department employees
• Responsible for training, mentoring and coaching employees. Engage your operators for
creating problem solving.
